Notes on prototyping

o Stupid Flatcam hacks for getting decent isolation milling with an
  engraving bit:
  o Create the isolation routing object w/ a 0.1 mm v-bit
  o When generating the g-code, change the bit to 0.1 mm circular bit
  o Set the depth of cut to 0.2 mm
  o Set feed to 60 mm/min (120 mm/min causes chatter)
  o ==> Remember to set the spindle speed to something or it probably
    won't turn on
  o ==> Set the return X,Y coordinates to 0,0 so if the connection
    between bcnc and the machine goes snafu after a run, it's easy to
    recover the zero point. 
  o Enable multiple passes with a 0.05-0.06 mm depth per pass

  It's lame that you have to tweak it this much, but it seems to
  deliver more consistent results. And, FlatCam is free, so... if I
  *really* wanted this fixed, I could always implement it and submit a
  PR.


o It's probably a good idea to have common alignment holes across pcbs
  so you can build them into fixtures

o Milling alignment holes and engraving on the back side first is
  best. The THT holes should be the last operation, since the engraver
  can get diverted by the holes. Also, if using an oil layer, the oil
  won't drain through the holes.

o mirror the back side w/ the bounds of the board, not a single
  point. That will make the top and bottom edges align when flipped so
  you can reuse a common fixture.

o Trying a multi-pass, multi-depth approach with a speed of 120 mm/min
  to see if isolation is better. The quality is better, since there is
  much less vibration.
  
o Top-left alignment hole is:
  Hole 2
     X: 0.9449 in
     Y: 4.1319 in

     X: 24 mm
     Y: 104.950
  Use this to reset zero if there's a crash or something. It's an
  eyeball job, but it's surprisingly effective. Registration seems
  within the tolerance of the machine.
  
o Engraving speed: 200 mm/min to avoid chatter
o Engraving depth: -0.15 mm (at least) w/ autoleveling to avoid gaps
o The autoleveler in bcnc goes NUTS when you test the margin the first
  time for some reason. Being outside the margin before testing might
  help. But, you have to be prepared to stop the damned thing or it
  will race off the end of the work area.
o The 

o 1 mm drill for THT holes
o 1 mm mill for alignment holes

o pcb/bin/alignment-holes.sh for generating the helical cut path, but
  need to tune the excellon file to make sure the hole diamater is set
  right.

o A layer of oil or W40 on the top of the pcb keeps dust down and
  seems to keep the tool a little happier.

o Double-sided tape sucks. Much better to use clamps and alignment pins.
